Hi, I'm Kim Schmidt.
I'll be your instructor for the course, Serverless Analytics on AWS.
I'm president and CEO of DataLeader,
an AWS partner and vendor company focusing on big data
architectures and advanced analytics.
I'm excited to share with you some innovative,
cutting-edge analytics services provided by AWS,
Amazon Athena, and AWS Glue.
These services are not only cutting edge because
they're state-of-the-art technologies, but also because they're serverless.
Having a cloud-native serverless architecture enables you to build modern
applications with increased agility and lower cost of ownership.
It enables you to shift most of your operational and
infrastructure management responsibilities to AWS,
so you can focus on developing great products that
are highly reliable and scalable.
This initial module will allow you to be prepared to follow along by
installing the course prerequisites prior to starting the course.
First, you'll need to download the course assets from GitHub.
This download will provide all scripts and other
code-related materials needed for the course.
My GitHub profile is CloudLeader.
When you navigate to the URL on the screen,
you'll see a GitHub repository named ETLAnalyticsUsingGlue.
Click the green Clone or Download button,
download the ZIP file to your desktop, and unzip it.
We'll be using the enclosed files later in this course.
Next, in order to connect to an AWS database,
AWS recommends using the free third-party SQL client,
MySQL Workbench.
The URL shown on the screen will take you to the Download page.
You can use most third-party SQL clients, however, if you already have one.
In the next module,
I'm going to teach you why you need to learn to work with
AWS Glue and Amazon Athena in the cloud. I'll see you there.